---
description: THE IMPORTANCE OF MUSIC IN PEOPLE'S LIVES
coverY: 0
---

# 🎶 MusiChain

**"First, we must educate the soul through music and next the body through gymnastics" said Plato.**\
**** Music has always been present in the culture of mankind. The troubadour poems, accompanied by sounds, and the symbolist poems, which aim for musicality in their creations, are examples of the artistic use of music, in which the goal is to provide pleasure to the ears and evoke feelings. Music is recognized by many researchers as a modality that develops the human mind, promotes balance, provides a pleasant state of well-being, facilitates concentration and the development of reasoning, especially in thoughtful questions. Music contains three elements: words, harmony, and rhythm. Hence the importance of good and true music. Music penetrates directly into our nerve centers and quickly and immediately orders the division of time and space, and inspires a taste for the virtues. As the children sing, they clap their hands, stamp their feet and dance. It is visible that no one remains still, that is, the natural instruments of the body itself, in their quality of primordial rhythmic gestures, complement the melodic expression of the song. I emphasize that the participation of the families is also fundamental in the moments of musical appreciation, whether in the action of singing, listening to good music, classical music, or sounds of nature. These relationships allow for the physical and emotional well-being of all. To sing with the child, it is not necessary to have vocal techniques, but to let the voice come from the heart and pass through the throat loaded with emotion, and thus lead it. Sing with him, and the emotional bonds will certainly be strengthened.

MusiChain - The beginning

MusiChain (MSC) is a decentralized cryptocurrency, that saw in music a potential, to bring investors rewards for using our app (coming soon) and also find new talents, created on a scalable blockchain and based on EVM , created on a scalable EVM-based blockchain that runs using a high-performance Proof Of Stake (PoS) consensus algorithm, we have several technological fronts with platforms for Staking, Swap, introduction to the Metaverse world and also soon a beautiful collection of totally exclusive and customized NFTs! all taking concepts such as DeFi, Web3 and DAO in our roots ... and through all issues addressed will reward our investors using our platform (soon in Android and IOS) to hear their favorite music! making a common activity in people's lives, profitable and great fun ... Because we add value to every service provided!
